updating doc with links for licenses (#3044)
github/docs: content/admin/overview/managing-your-github-enterprise-license.md

### About {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} licenses

> When you purchase or renew {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, you receive a license file to validate your application. A license file has an expiration date and controls the number of user licenses you can add to {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}. After you [download](https://enterprise.github.com/releases/) and [install](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/installation/setting-up-a-github-enterprise-server-instance) {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, uploading the license file unlocks the application for you to use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you purchase or renew {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, you receive a license file to validate your application. A license file has an expiration date and controls the number of user licenses you can add to {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}. After you download and install {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, uploading the license file unlocks the application for you to use. For more information about downloading {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, see the [{% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} Releases](https://enterprise.github.com/releases/) website. For information about setting up {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, see "[Setting up a {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} instance](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/installation/setting-up-a-github-enterprise-server-instance)."

```

You can allocate the user licenses included in your {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} license to users in {% data variables.product.product_location_enterprise %} and a {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} enterprise account. When you add a user to either environment, they will consume a license. If a user has accounts in both environments, to consume only one license, their primary {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} email address must be the same as their verified {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} email address. You can sync license count and usage between the environments.

If your {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} license expires, you won't be able to access {% data variables.product.product_location_enterprise %} via a web browser or Git. If needed, you will be able to use command-line utilities to back up all your data. For more information, see "[Configuring backups on your appliance](/enterprise/admin/guides/installation/configuring-backups-on-your-appliance)." If you have any questions about renewing your license, contact {% data variables.contact.contact_enterprise_sales %}.

> You can download your {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} license from your [Enterprise Account](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/overview/managing-your-github-enterprise-license#uploading-a-new-license-to-github-enterprise-server), if you do not have an Enterprise Account you can login to our [Enterprise Portal](https://enterprise.github.com/download) and download your license. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download your {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} license from your [Enterprise Account](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/overview/managing-your-github-enterprise-license#uploading-a-new-license-to-github-enterprise-server), if you do not have an Enterprise Account you can log in to our [Enterprise Portal](https://enterprise.github.com/download) and download your license. 
```

### About {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} licenses

> When you purchase or renew {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, you receive a license file to validate your application. A license file has an expiration date and controls the number of user licenses you can add to {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}. After you download and install {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, uploading the license file unlocks the application for you to use. For more information about downloading {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, see the [{% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} Releases](https://enterprise.github.com/releases/) website. For information about setting up {% data variables.product.product_location %}, see "[Setting up a {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} instance](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/installation/setting-up-a-github-enterprise-server-instance)."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you purchase or renew {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, you receive a license file to validate your application. A license file has an expiration date and controls the number of user licenses you can add to {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}. After you download and install {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, uploading the license file unlocks the application for you to use. For more information about downloading {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, see the [{% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} Releases](https://enterprise.github.com/releases/) website. For information about setting up {% data variables.product.product_location %}, see "[Setting up a {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} instance](/admin/installation/setting-up-a-github-enterprise-server-instance)."
```

> When you purchase or renew {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, you receive a license file to validate your application. A license file has an expiration date and controls the number of user licenses you can add to {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}. After you download and install {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, uploading the license file unlocks the application for you to use. For more information about downloading {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, see the [{% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} Releases](https://enterprise.github.com/releases/) website. For information about setting up {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, see "[Setting up a {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} instance](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/installation/setting-up-a-github-enterprise-server-instance)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you purchase or renew {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, you receive a license file to validate your application. A license file has an expiration date and controls the number of user licenses you can add to {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}. After you download and install {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, uploading the license file unlocks the application for you to use. For more information about downloading {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, see the [{% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} Releases](https://enterprise.github.com/releases/) website. For information about setting up {% data variables.product_location_enterprise %}, see "[Setting up a {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} instance](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/installation/setting-up-a-github-enterprise-server-instance)."
```

> When you purchase or renew {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, you receive a license file to validate your application. A license file has an expiration date and controls the number of user licenses you can add to {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}. After you download and install {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, uploading the license file unlocks the application for you to use. For more information about downloading {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, see the [{% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} Releases](https://enterprise.github.com/releases/) website. For information about setting up {% data variables.product_location_enterprise %}, see "[Setting up a {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} instance](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/installation/setting-up-a-github-enterprise-server-instance)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you purchase or renew {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, you receive a license file to validate your application. A license file has an expiration date and controls the number of user licenses you can add to {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}. After you download and install {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, uploading the license file unlocks the application for you to use. For more information about downloading {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %}, see the [{% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} Releases](https://enterprise.github.com/releases/) website. For information about setting up {% data variables.product.product_location %}, see "[Setting up a {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} instance](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/installation/setting-up-a-github-enterprise-server-instance)."
```

You can allocate the user licenses included in your {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} license to users in {% data variables.product.product_location_enterprise %} and a {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} enterprise account. When you add a user to either environment, they will consume a license. If a user has accounts in both environments, to consume only one license, their primary {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} email address must be the same as their verified {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} email address. You can sync license count and usage between the environments.

If your {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} license expires, you won't be able to access {% data variables.product.product_location_enterprise %} via a web browser or Git. If needed, you will be able to use command-line utilities to back up all your data. For more information, see "[Configuring backups on your appliance](/enterprise/admin/guides/installation/configuring-backups-on-your-appliance)." If you have any questions about renewing your license, contact {% data variables.contact.contact_enterprise_sales %}.

> You can download your {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} license from your [Enterprise Account](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server/admin/overview/managing-your-github-enterprise-license#uploading-a-new-license-to-github-enterprise-server), if you do not have an Enterprise Account you can log in to our [Enterprise Portal](https://enterprise.github.com/download) and download your license. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can download your {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_server %} license from your [enterprise account](https://enterprise.github.com/download). For more information, see "[Managing your {% data variables.product.prodname_enterprise %} license](/admin/overview/managing-your-github-enterprise-license#uploading-a-new-license-to-github-enterprise-server)." 
```
